{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red149\green149\blue149;\red154\green154\blue154;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c58431\c58431\c58431;\csgray\c66775;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\vieww36860\viewh19880\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 Enjoy your YouTube videos and music even when offline! Streamup YouTube Downloader can download YouTube videos in MP4, 3GP, FLV formats. It supports HD and Ultra HD videos perfectly well. With Streamup you can easily convert YouTube videos to MP3.
\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\sl120\slmult1\slminimum380\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\f1\fs24 \cf3 Makes saving videos from YouTube simple and enjoyable. Just paste the link in Streamup and download
\f0\fs22 ;\cf2 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\f1\fs24 \cf3 Save YouTube videos as MP4, FLV, and 3GP in various resolutions. HD, 4K and 8K Ultra HD videos are supported
\f0\fs22 \cf2 ;\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\f1\fs24 \cf3 With Streamup you are getting an awesome YouTube downloader that can download YouTube playlists and YouTube channels;
\f0\fs22 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\f1\fs24 \cf3 Additionally to MP3 Streamup supports other audio file types. To extract audio from YouTube video, paste the link in Streamup, choose the audio format from the list and download;
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\f1\fs24 \cf3 Streamup integrates with various web browsers - Chrome, Firefox, Opera, Safari - to catch your YouTube downloads even faster. Simply click Streamup bookmark in your browser each time you see a video you want to have;
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\sl120\slmult1\slminimum380\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\f1\fs24 You won't have problems with deleted or replaced YouTube videos.
\f0\fs22 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\f1\fs24 You can download even HD resolution videos with the help of Streamup
\f0\fs22 .\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\f1\fs24 You have a chance to share downloaded videos with your friends and watch them on tablet or mobile.
\f0\fs22 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\f1\fs24 You are able to extract MP3 sound from the video and enjoy the soundtrack without watching the video.
\f0\fs22   \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\f1\fs24 Streamup allows adding multiple links for downloading at a time.
\f0\fs22 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\f1\fs24 It gives you the freedom of sharing the video anytime anywhere.}